first I am NOT vegan to be vegan or to
be part of a community within five
seconds a natural vegan here
mentions the other topic I may be
infamous for for speaking about in an
overly blunt down-to-earth way community
so in the past I've had several videos
here talking about what does it mean to
say vegans our community have we ever
been a community will we ever get our
act together to be a community unnatural
vegan here makes the interesting
statement that she's not in it for a
community that's not her objective it's
not her concern
well I differ from her there and this is
not a criticism of her it is a it is a
personal difference that I think is
worth reflecting on I am more ambitious
than that I am more rapacious than that
yeah I want a real community look at
Mothers Against Drunk Driving Mothers
Against Drunk Driving have an office at
least one office in every US state
there's a 50 states the United States
they have more than 50 offices that our
staff had open all the time they've got
that we don't you tell me in 2016 what's
a more important message Mothers Against
Drunk Driving or veganism its veganism
even if in the past even if in the 1980s
you know maybe there was an argument
mothers gonna stroke driving were a
really important lobby today veganism is
a message that absolutely needs to have
50 offices in the United States you know
I I really lived through the period of
time when when gay groups went from
being marginal to being ascendant to be
very influential when I was living in
Toronto there were a number of different
gay offices staffed offices for gay
rights you know I remember there was one
that was just specialized in lesbians
and you know different multiple gay
offices with multiple political
perspectives and if there was some
controversy the newspapers would go and
interview those foundations they were
nonprofit political organizations there
you want to say so you know let's say
the police commissioner made a
homophobic Rome
you know the newspapers would go an
interview oh let's go to that gay
foundation and get gay legal rights
advocacy group and get their opinion on
this something like that that's a real
community that's that's a facet of
that's a reflection of in Toronto
definitely at that time there was a real
gay community they had a neighborhood
they had buildings they had offices they
had lawyers they had night clubs
they had festivals I mean the gay
community in Toronto not every city has
that there were multiple well organized
vocal gay communities and the newspapers
could go to them okay it would be
different if we were at the level of
Mothers Against Drunk Driving it would
be different with their level of Jews in
British Columbia I mean Jewish people
are a tiny minority in this part of
Canada they have bricks and mortar
institutions of real organizations they
have they have fellowships and you know
with scholarships and all kinds of
benefits for people from cradle to grave
and ultimately you can go there and
attend a picnic and talk to other human
beings face-to-face and whatever from
fundraising to charity work everything
can make a big difference I'm I want it
all I want a real community and I see no
reason to pretend that I don't want that
or that I wouldn't value that I see no
reason to pretend that veganism is
completely satisfactory to me if it's
just a diet or just something I do in
private and that can't have any
political ramifications by blood I'm
Jewish by belief I'm a nihilistic
atheist nevertheless for my family and
for my own life it would benefit me more
to pretend to be a religious Jew for me
to start participating you know in the
temple because Judaism here in Canada
can provide me with a real community
everything from the picnics to the
retirement homes picnics to private
schools to retirement homes okay from
the cradle to the grave the lifecycle
benefits of having a community are
provided by Judaism are provided by
Mormonism are provided by all kinds of
crazy ideologies that
rest on your believing in a God that
doesn't exist resting on your saying
prayers that will never be heard by
anyone unless you say your prayers on
YouTube then your YouTube followers I
look at groups like the Mormons and I
think I want it all I want what you
people have for the Mormons it is
nothing to organize a picnic that 200
people are gonna show up at ok for me
even that's not enough for the Mormons
it's nothing to do a fundraiser to help
some orphans to set up some charity they
go get a project line to throw I want
that I want vegans to have that I'm
worried about the whole lifecycle from
cradle to grave I have a three year old
daughter and I don't see that much of
herb she lives in Europe I'm living in
China nevertheless where is my daughter
gonna go to school where is my daughter
gonna go to gate daycare where am I
gonna go to a retirement home or where
would my grandparents go to a retirement
home from the cradle to the grave now
look I mean the the issues with gay
rights activism those also change over
time I think in the recent past that
were hard battles for the gay community
to fight and now the gay community can
really celebrate that so many of those
battles have been won you know in Canada
I'm sure I mean in Saudi Arabia is
another story there are tons of
countries where the fights for basic gay
rights are still you know at an early
stage don't get me wrong but here in
Canada we were one of the first
countries to have gay marriage there's a
whole you know legal battle surrounding
that equal rights for gays and so on
those battles fundamentally have already
been won okay the battles for veganism
are just beginning where's that office
where's that neighborhood where's that
nightclub where's the retirement home
declared Center I want it all I am
fundamentally much more ambitious than a
natural vegan I'm not satisfied with
what you guys call community I'm not
satisfied with a bunch of self-indulgent
middle-aged people sitting around on
Facebook giving each other the thumbs up
or
nuts as [ __ ] with a bunch of teenagers
on Instagram photographing their asses
in a bikini and saying they're changing
the world none of that does it for me
okay I want more can I have it today
No can I have it next year no am I gonna
see it before I die
maybe mothers against drunk driving in
just a few years they took off what
percentage of people in America really
give a damn about mothers against Roe
it's a minority really it's a small
minority of people who support a
foundation like that okay tremendously
successful what percentage of people
support like really donate money to to
Jewish temples in Canada I don't know I
mean small small minority in the past I
talk about Sikhism within Canada these
are small minority religious movements
and again I mean with with homosexuals
homosexuality isn't a diet they don't
need to have separate restaurants but
they do like in Toronto it's there's a
district there or there is such a thing
as a gay restaurant even though there's
no such thing as gay food offense we
have a reason to organize bricks and
mortar to have a restaurant in a
physical place yeah I want it all from
cradle to the grave from you know the
bricks and mortar temple to the lawyers
to the political organization to having
that foundation that's respected enough
that when there's a controversy in
government the newspaper is know who to
call maybe there are several foundations
than the call where there's a voice
advocating for veganism in Parliament in
the newspapers on the street yeah I want
it and I'm willing to recognize I don't
have it that's real community and we're
gonna have to work real hard to get